that's when the cracks one moving you know at this point there's a lot
of check was that you can use that you can get from you or moving company
also maybe has those so I would use those check was I would also
go to the internet and download for free Jeff was and check the
tracklist as normal one to help you with your you your spouse or significant
other you know as you try to make sure you get so one is something
you do forget or if you have something in the mail the the the
the movie that really shouldn't one is a long term storage you know
it's gonna happen so try to get over it try not to let it spoil too
much and move on to the next part of the adventure focus on that
and not the small things that happened because they all are if you happen